# Converter Written In C
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/0YKQ1KMGX3M
#### Description:
  Hello, this is my final project for CS50x where I have created a converter in the programming language C to convert Distances, Temps, and Liquids. I had originally decided to try LOVE Lua but I realized that game development is just not something that interests me too much. I was originally deciding to make this converter with only 3 things and 1 way (Ex. Feet to inches, Gallons to Cups, F to C) Then I thought to myself that this is the FINAL finale of my course I should not just be lazy. I then decided to make it 8 options with 2 ways, giving it a total of 16 different conversions. This was mostly accomplished using if statements and user input to narrow down which selection was needed.

  Once narrowed down the program would ask the user which way the conversion wants to be done (Ex. Feet to Inches, or Inches to Feet.) Once the direction is determined it asks the user what number wants to be converted. The program will take that number and input it into a formula and it will give back the output. This can be used as an easy tool while constructing, cooking, or everyday life.

  This course has been amazing and has opened many doorways that were unknown to me before I found this course. This course went into so much detail and the community around the course was amazing. If I ever needed help on this final I could just post a question. This final project showed that I had learned something that I was not capable of doing prior. This course took me some time but I would say it was well over worth it. I had some python knowledge before but never knew as much as I do now. What I did before look easy as a cake now This course has also opened me to many helpful resources such as GitHub which has come into use as I connect with more friends and do more programming projects to make a change in the world. CS50x is the launchpad for beginners.
